# The-power-of-plots
250 mice identified with SCC tumor growth were treated through a variety of drug regimens. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’drug, Capomulin, versus the other treatment regimens. We have analyzed the results of this study and these are the findings:
1) The summary statistics table shows that mice treated with Capomulin and Radicane have the lowest mean and median tumor volume. Their variance is also the lowest, which shows more consistency in the positive results. The Ramicane performance seems overall to be better than the Capomulin one.
2) The 2 bar plots show that each treatment almost had the same number of tests run. There were slightly more mice treated with the Capomulin and Ramicane. The pie charts show that the study was performed on an almost equal percentage of female and male mice. In fact, 50.6% of mice were male while 49.4% were female. 
3)	In the overall boxplot graph for the final tumor volume in the 4 most promising treatment regimens, we can observe a significant better performance of the Capomulin and Ramicane treatments than the Infubinol and Ceftamil treatments. The position of Infubinol and Ceftamil boxplots is much higher, which means the final tumor volume with Ceftamil and Infubinol is higher than the one with Capomulin and Radicane. We can also see a better performance of the Ramicane treatment compared to Capomulin since the Radicane boxplot is slightly lower than the Capomulin one. The distribution of the data in the Capomulin, Ramicane and Ceftamin looks pretty normal while the distribution in the Infubinol looks slightly skewed to the left since the data is mainly concentrated between the 2nd and the 3rd quartile. None of the boxplots show outliers in their data.
4)	The lineplot shows the performance of the Capomulin treatment on a single mouse (Mouse ID = s185). The graph shows a significant decrease in tumor volume. The tumor volume of the mouse is reacting well to the Capomulin treatment.
5)	The scatterplot shows the strong positive linear correlation (0.84) between the weight of the mouse and the average volume of the tumor. This graph shows that an increasing weight corresponds to an increasing average tumor volume. 

Final considerations: We can definitely say that even though the Capomulin treatment has had good results in reducing tumor volume on the mice tested, the Ramicane treatment has shown to be more effective.  
More analysis should be done to understand if female mice, who went through the Capomulin and Ramicane treatments, performed better or worse than male mice in order to understand if there is a correlation between gender and average tumor volume.
